{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset77 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset77 Times-Roman;
\f3\fnil\fcharset77 Monaco;\f4\froman\fcharset77 Times-Italic;\f5\froman\fcharset77 Times-BoldItalic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margr1440\vieww16120\viewh17520\viewkind0
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 About QuickTime Streaming Server 4 \
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 Contents\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
What's New with QuickTime Streaming Server 4\
System Requirements\
Installing \
Set Up \
Troubleshooting\
Support\
Open Source of Darwin Streaming Server\
\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 What's New\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
QuickTime Streaming Server 4 provides a number of new product enhancements and addresses several issues. Key enhancements include:\
\
- Administration Enhancements:\
\pard\li720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Provides a new Setup Assistant where you can configure basic settings.\
Provides the capability to configure and manage relays in the web admin. \
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
- Native Hinted MPEG-4 Streaming \'d0 support for native MPEG-4 Hinted files as defined by the technical standard for interoperability proposed by the Internet Streaming Media Alliance (ISMA).\
\
- Quality of Service Enhancements - tuning improvements to the congestion control, retransmit, and thinning server algorithms on reliable UDP streams
\fs24 .
\fs28 \
\
- Native MP3/Icecast Streaming Support \'d0 http style streaming of native MP3 files including the ability to broadcast MP3 play lists, reflect Icecast streams, parsing and sending of MP3 ID tags.\
\
- Playlist Broadcaster User Interface Enhancements \
\
\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 System Requirements\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
QuickTime Streaming Server Seed software runs on the following software and hardware systems:\
\
\'a5 System Software: latest version of Mac OS X Server, version 10.1 or later\
\
\'a5 Hardware: Macintosh Server G4, Power Mac G4, Power Mac G4 Cube, iMac, Macintosh Server G3, or Power Macintosh G3 with at least 128 MB of RAM and a 4GB hard disk (operating system fault tolerance requires a Macintosh Server G4 or a Power Mac G4 released in January 2001 or later). \
\
For high-demand servers running QuickTime Streaming Server, at least 512MB RAM is recommended. \
\
\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 Installing\
\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 To install QuickTime Streaming Server software, follow these \
steps:\
\
\pard\li90\fi-90\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1. After downloading QuickTime Streaming Server 4, double-click the QTSS_4.dmg file. QTSS 4 will mount a desktop image that contains QTSS.pkg.  \
\pard\li360\fi-360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
2. Double-click the QTSS.pkg file. This will launch the installer.\
\
3. Click on the "lock" icon to make changes when prompted during installation. You will need to authenticate with the administrator username and password.\
\
4. Follow the onscreen instructions. After you have read and agreed to the license, you can proceed with the installation.\
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\li360\fi-360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\li360\fi-360\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 Set Up \
\pard\li360\fi-360\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 To configure and administer your server from either the server machine or a remote client machine, follow these steps: \
\
1. From the Mac OS X Server, click on the Streaming Server Admin icon in the dock and proceed to Step 3.\
\pard\li360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 OR\
\pard\li360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 From a server machine with QuickTime Streaming Server installed, launch your web browser.\
\pard\li360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 OR \
\pard\fi360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 From a remote machine launch Microsoft Internet Explorer, versions 4.5 or later, Netscape Navigator or Netscape Communicator (Netscape Communicator versions 6.0 and 6.1 are not supported at this time.):\
\pard\li270\fi-270\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
2. Enter the URL for your Streaming Server Admin:\
\pard\li270\ql\qnatural
\cf0 http://myserver.com:1220\
Replace "myserver.com" with the name of your Streaming Server computer.  1220 is the port number.\
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
3. The first time you run Streaming Server Admin, the Setup Assistant will prompt for your username and password.
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
For help on using Streaming Server Admin, setting up secure administration (SSL), and setting up your server to stream hinted media, refer to the online Help by selecting the Question Mark button from the Streaming Server Admin. \
\
\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 Troubleshooting/Known Issues\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\'a5 If you have used previous versions of QuickTime Streaming Server, note that some of the file locations have changed with the QuickTime Streaming Server 4 release. You may find it helpful to know these locations for troubleshooting problems.\
\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f3\fs18 \cf0 /usr/sbin/QuickTimeStreamingServer     - Streaming Server\
/usr/sbin/streamingadminserver.pl      - QTSS Web Admin server\
/usr/bin/StreamingLoadTool             - RTSP simulated client stress tool\
/Library/QuickTimeStreaming/Modules/   - QTSS plug-ins\
/Library/QuickTimeStreaming/Config     - QTSS config files\
/Library/QuickTimeStreaming/Movies     - Media files\
/Library/QuickTimeStreaming/Logs       - Logs\
/Library/QuickTimeStreaming/Playlists/ - Web Admin Playlist files\
\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs28 \cf0 \
\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 Support\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
For Help on administering the QuickTime Streaming Server, select the question mark on any Streaming Server Admin page.  Troubleshooting and late breaking news can be found in the Troubleshooting section of Help.\
\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f4\i \cf0 Web Sites\
\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f2\i0 \cf0 Check these Web sites for tips, solutions to problems, or any update that may become available after the release of the software: \
\
\'a5 
\f4\i QuickTime Streaming Server:
\f2\i0  www.apple.com/quicktime/products/qtss\
\'a5 
\f4\i Apple Support:
\f2\i0  www.apple.com/support\
\'a5 
\f4\i QuickTime Streaming Server Support:
\f2\i0  www.info.apple.com/qtss\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f5\i\b\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f4\b0\fs28 \cf0 Public Mailing Lists\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f1\i0\b\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 Through the Apple public mailing lists you can share experiences, questions, and comments with others who use the software. Apple employees may monitor the list, but Apple does not guarantee that questions sent to this list will be answered. For more information about joining the mailing lists, see the Apple mailing lists Web site at www.lists.apple.com.\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 For QuickTime Streaming Server administration, join the Streaming Server mailing list \'d2streaming-server-users\'d3. \
\
If you are interested in plug-in API or Open Source development, join the Streaming Server developer public mailing list \'d2streaming-server-developers\'d3.\
\
\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 Open Source of Darwin Streaming Server\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
The Darwin Streaming Server, which is the complete Open Source code for the QuickTime Streaming Server, is server technology that allows you to stream QuickTime media to clients across the Internet using industry-standard RTP and RTSP protocols. For information about the Darwin Streaming Server project, see Apple's Open Source Web site at: www.publicsource.apple.com.\
\
\
\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \'a9 2002 Apple Computer, Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, Mac, Macintosh, PowerBook, Power Macintosh, and QuickTime are trademarks of Apple Computer, Inc., registered in the United States and other countries. iBook,  iMac, and Power Mac are trademarks of Apple Computer, Inc. All other product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.\
\
}