{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1 \deff4\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}Times;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}Helvetica;}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}Times;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}Helvetica;}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \f4\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid984073\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid1}{\list\listtemplateid984073\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}{\info{\title About QuickTime Streaming Server 2}{\author Dean Reece}{\operator Chris}{\creatim\yr2000\mo10\dy2\hr15\min12}{\revtim\yr2000\mo10\dy2\hr15\min30}{\version6}{\edmins15}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords1038}{\nofchars5918}{\*\company Apple Computer}{\nofcharsws7267}{\vern115}}\margl1440\margr1440 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \f4\cgrid {\fs48\cf1 \par }{\b\f5\fs36\cf1 About QuickTime Streaming Server 3 Public Preview\par \par }{\b\f5\cf1 Contents\par }{\fs28\cf1 \par Introduction\par Seed Software Disclaimer\par Giving Apple Feedback About the Software\par Requirements for Running QTSS 3 Public Preview\par Installing and Setting Up\par Documentation\par Troubleshooting\par \par \par }{\b\f5\cf1 Introduction}{\b\fs28\cf1 \par }{\fs28\cf1 \par This document provides an overview of the QuickTime Streaming Server (QTSS) 3 Public Preview software, installation instructions, and information on how to give feedback to Apple. This software is a preview of the next QuickTime Streaming Server release.\par \par What's new in the QuickTime Streaming Server 3 Public Preview?\par \par -Quality of Service Enhancements:  Streaming with QuickTime has always been\par powerful, reliable, and of the highest quality.  New features make streaming\par even better, such as packet retransmission and reliable transmission of\par broadcast streams.\par \par -New Web-based Administration:  Configuring QuickTime Streaming Server is\par easy and straightforward with a new, web-based interface.\par \par -Support for Mac OS X:  Run QuickTime Streaming Server on the\par next-generation Mac OS.  Beneath the appealing, easy-to-use interface of Mac\par OS X is a rock-solid foundation\emdash an industrial-strength modern operating\par system engineered for stability, reliability and phenomenal performance.\par \par Please refer to the online Help (see Documentation section below) included in this seed package for more detailed information about using the features of this seed.}{\fs36\cf1 \par \par \par }{\b\f5\cf1 {\*\bkmkstart SeedSoftwareDisclaimer}{\*\bkmkend SeedSoftwareDisclaimer}Seed Software Disclaimer}{\cf1 \par }{\fs28\cf1 \par The QuickTime Streaming Server 3 Public Preview software is being released for evaluation of its technology and will expire on February 15, 2001. This software is in development. \par \par The seed software is not a supported product, but we encourage you to use it, evaluate it, and give us feedback. This copy is for evaluation purposes only and is offered at no charge. We cannot guarantee that any subsequent releases will be offered free of charge, but we suggest that you check periodically for any revisions to this release. \par \par }{\b\f5\cf1 IMPORTANT:}{\fs28\cf1  The software is in development. There are inherent risks in installing unreleased software on your computer.  You should not use this product in production or mission critical operations or where 100% reliability is required. As much as possible, we will respond to problems and provide updates to address issues, but we cannot guarantee all problems will be addressed. You should back up your system and hard drives prior to installing and testing this software. Then you should save your work often and back up your hard drives regularly to protect your data. Apple cannot accept liability for any lost data or other injury.\par \par \par }{\b\f5\cf1 {\*\bkmkstart NDA}{\*\bkmkstart GivingFeedback}{\*\bkmkend NDA}{\*\bkmkend GivingFeedback}Giving Apple Feedback About the Preview Software}{\cf1 \par }{\fs28\cf1 \par You can give feedback to Apple about the QuickTime Streaming Server 3 Public Preview.  Refer to http://www.apple.com/quicktime/servers/ for the details.\par \par \par }{\b\f5\cf1 Requirements for Running QTSS 3 Public Preview\par \par }{\fs28\cf1 \bullet  Power Macintosh G4, Power Macintosh G4 Cube, Power Macintosh G3, Macintosh Server G3, iMac, and Macintosh Server G4.  The iBook and PowerBook are not supported as QuickTime Streaming Servers.\par \par \bullet  The Mac OS X Public Beta software must be installed. You can obtain the Public Beta software via www.apple.com and refer to the Apple Store tab.\par \par \bullet  At least 128 MB of random-access memory (RAM). If you anticipate heavy traffic on your server, Apple recommends 512 MB of RAM and 350 MHz or higher processor speed.\par \par \bullet  Streams media to any computer that has QuickTime 4 or later installed.  You can download QuickTime client software from the QuickTime Web site at: www.apple.com/quicktime.\par \par \par }{\b\f5\cf1 Installing and Setting Up \par \par }{\fs28\cf1 To install and set up QuickTime Streaming Server Public Preview software, follow these steps on the server computer:\par \par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs28\cf1 \hich\af4\dbch\af0\loch\f4 1.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls2\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 Install the Mac OS X Public Beta software by following the instructions provided with the software. \par }\pard \widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 \par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs28\cf1 \hich\af4\dbch\af0\loch\f4 2.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls2\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 After downloading the QTSS 3 Public Preview to the server machine, double-click the QTSS3.Preview.tar file. Stuffit Expander should automatically launch and expand the archive into a QTSS3.Preview.pkg file. \par }\pard \widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 \par }\pard \li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\b\fs28\cf1 Note:}{\fs28\cf1  Do not unstuff this file on a machine running system software Mac OS 9 or earlier. \par }\pard \widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 \par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs28\cf1 \hich\af4\dbch\af0\loch\f4 3.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls2\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 Double-click the QTSS3.Preview.pkg file.  This will launch the installer.\par }\pard \widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 \par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs28\cf1 \hich\af4\dbch\af0\loch\f4 4.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls2\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 Click on the "lock" to make changes when prompted during installation. You will need to authenticate with the administrator username and password.\par }\pard \widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 \par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs28\cf1 \hich\af4\dbch\af0\loch\f4 5.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls2\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 Follow the onscreen instructions. After you have read and agreed to the license, you can proceed with the installation. \par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 \par \par To configure and administer your server from either the server machine or a remote client machine, follow these steps. \par \par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs28\cf1 \hich\af4\dbch\af0\loch\f4 1.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls1\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 From the server machine launch Microsoft Internet Explorer, version 4.5 or later.                   \par }\pard \fi720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 OR\par }\pard \fi360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 From a remote machine launch Netscape Navigator, Netscape Communicator,\par or Microsoft Internet Explorer, versions 4.5 or later.\par \par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs28\cf1 \hich\af4\dbch\af0\loch\f4 2.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls1\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 Enter the URL for your Streaming Server Admin:\par }\pard \li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 http://myserver.com:1220\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 Replace "myserver.com" with the name of your Streaming Server computer.  1220 is the port number.\par \par }{\b\fs28\cf1 Note:}{\fs28\cf1  from the local QTSS machine, double click on the Streaming Server Admin icon in the Dock.\par }\pard \widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 \par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs28\cf1 \hich\af4\dbch\af0\loch\f4 3.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls1\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 Follow the onscreen instructions to log into the server as user "Administrator". The first time you log in, the "Administrator" password will be "default".\par }\pard \widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 \par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs28\cf1 \hich\af4\dbch\af0\loch\f4 4.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls1\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 Choose the Settings tab to start configuring your server.\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs28\cf1 \par \par }{\b\fs28\cf1 The preview version of the server is configured with the "Administrator" password set to "default".  Immediately after installing, you should reset the "Administrator" password.  Note: The "Administrator" password can only be set from a web browser running on the local server machine.}{\fs28\cf1  \par \par }{\b\f5\cf1 Documentation\par }{\fs28\cf1 \par For help on using the QTSS administration and setting up your server to stream hinted media, refer to the online Help by selecting the Question Mark button from the Streaming Server Admin. \par \par \par }{\b\f5\cf1 Troubleshooting\par }{\fs28\cf6 \par }{\fs28\cf1 \bullet  If you have used previous versions of QTSS, please note that some of the file locations have changed with the QTSS 3 Public Preview. You may find it helpful to know these locations for troubleshooting problems.\par \par /usr/sbin/QuickTimeStreamingServer     - Streaming Server application\par /usr/local/bin/qtssadminserver.pl  \tab     - QTSS Web Admin server\par /usr/sbin/StreamingServerModules/        - Directory for QTSS dynamic plugins\par /etc/streaming/                    \tab \tab     - Directory for QTSS configuration files\par /Library/QuickTimeStreaming/Movies/  - Directory for media files /Library/QuickTimeStreaming/Logs/     - Directory for access and error logs\par \par \bullet  If the Streaming Server Admin is not responding, you should verify that the qtssadminserver.pl script is running first.  If not, then start it up by opening the Terminal application (/Applications/Utilities) and become the root administrator by typing "su root" and then the administrator password.  Then start up the process by typing "qtssadminserver.pl" into the Terminal application.\par \par \par \par }{\cf1 \u169\'a9 2000 Apple Computer, Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Macintosh, PowerBook, Power Macintosh, and QuickTime are trademarks of Apple Computer, Inc., registered in the United States and other countries. iBook,  iMac, and Power Mac are trademarks of Apple Computer, Inc. All other product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.}{\fs18\cf1 \par }{\par }{\par }}