{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}Times;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}Courier;}{\f20\froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Times-Roman{\*\falt Times};}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}Times;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}Courier;}{\f20\froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Times-Roman{\*\falt Times};}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \f4\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid984073\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid3}{\list\listtemplateid0\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01-;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs28\fbias0 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}{\list\listtemplateid984073\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls3}}{\info{\author Chris}{\operator Chris}{\creatim\yr2000\mo10\dy6\hr14\min25}{\revtim\yr2000\mo10\dy6\hr14\min38}{\version14}{\edmins12}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords1055}{\nofchars6016}{\*\company Apple}{\nofcharsws7388}{\vern115}}\paperw12960\paperh16700 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f4\cgrid {\fs48 \par }{\b\fs36 About QuickTime Streaming Server 3 Public Preview\par \par }{\b Contents\par }{\fs28 \par Introduction\par Seed Software Disclaimer\par Giving Apple Feedback About the Software\par Requirements for Running QTSS 3 Public Preview\par Installing and Setting Up\par Documentation\par Troubleshooting\par \par \par }{\b Introduction}{\b\fs28 \par }{\fs28 \par This document provides an overview of the QuickTime Streaming Server (QTSS) 3 Public Preview software, installation instructions, and information on how to give feedback to Apple. This software is a preview of the next QuickTime Streaming Server release.\par \par What's new in the QuickTime Streaming Server 3 Public Preview?\par \par -Quality of Service Enhancements:  Streaming with QuickTime has always been powerful, reliable, and of the highest quality.  New features make streaming even better, such as packet retransmission and reliable transmission of broadcast streams.\par \par -New Web-based Administration:  Configuring QuickTime Streaming Server is easy and straightforward with a new, web-based interface.\par \par -Support for Mac OS X:  Run QuickTime Streaming Server on the next-generation Mac OS.  Beneath the appealing, easy-to-use interface of Mac OS X is a rock-solid foundation\emdash an industrial-strength modern operating system engineered for stability, reliability and phenomenal performance.\par \par And as always, QuickTime Streaming Server is opensource, allowing the highest level of customizability and community involvement.\par \par Please refer to the online Help (see Documentation section below) included in this seed package for more detailed information about using the features of this seed.}{\fs36 \par \par \par }{\b Seed Software Disclaimer}{\par }{\fs28 \par The QuickTime Streaming Server 3 Public Preview software is being released for evaluation of its technology and will expire on February 15, 2001. This software is in development. \par \par The seed software is not a supported product, but we encourage you to use it, evaluate it, and give us feedback. This copy is for evaluation purposes only and is offered at no charge. We cannot guarantee that any subsequent releases will be offered free of charge, but we suggest that you check periodically for any revisions to this release. \par \par }{\b IMPORTANT:}{\fs28  The software is in development. There are inherent risks in installing unreleased software on your computer.  You should not use this product in production or mission critical operations or where 100% reliability is required. As much as possible, we will respond to problems and provide updates to address issues, but we cannot guarantee all problems will be addressed. You should back up your system and hard drives prior to installing and testing this software. Then you should save your work often and back up your hard drives regularly to protect your data. Apple cannot accept liability for any lost data or other injury.\par \par \par }{\b Giving Apple Feedback About the Preview Software}{\par }{\fs28 \par You can give feedback to Apple about the QuickTime Streaming Server 3 Public Preview.  Refer to http://www.apple.com/quicktime/servers/ for the details.\par \par \par }{\b Requirements for Running QTSS 3 Public Preview\par \par }{\fs28 \bullet  Power Macintosh G4, Macintosh Server G4, Power Macintosh G4 Cube, Power Macintosh G3, Macintosh Server G3, and iMac.  The iBook and PowerBook are not supported as QuickTime Streaming Servers.\par \par \bullet  The Mac OS X Public Beta software must be installed. You can obtain the Public Beta software via www.apple.com and refer to the Apple Store tab.\par \par \bullet  At least 128 MB of random-access memory (RAM). If you anticipate heavy traffic on your server, Apple recommends 512 MB of RAM and 350 MHz or higher processor speed.\par \par \bullet  Streams media to any computer that has QuickTime 4 or later installed. While not required, it is recommended that QuickTime 5 is used for viewing streams from Darwin Streaming Server 3 Public Preview. You can download QuickTime client software from the QuickTime web site at: www.apple.com/quicktime.\par \par \par }{\b Installing and Setting Up \par \par }{\fs28 To install and set up QuickTime Streaming Server Public Preview software, follow these steps on the server computer:\par \par Install the Mac OS X Public Beta software by following the instructions provided with the software. \par \par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\adjustright {\fs20 \par }\pard \fi-270\li270\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs28 1. After downloading the }{\f20\fs28 QTSS 3 Public Preview to the server machine}{\fs28  perform the following steps to uncompress the downloaded file:\par \par }\pard \fi-270\li630\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs28 - Launch the Terminal app\par }\pard \fi-180\li540\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs28 - "cd" into the directory containing the downloaded }{\fs28 QTSS3_Preview.pkg.tar}{\fs28  file\par }\pard \li360\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs28 - Enter the following command: }{\f6 tar -xf QTSS3_Preview.pkg.tar}{\b \par }\pard \li270\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\fs28 \par }\pard \fi-270\li270\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs28 2. From the Desktop, double-click the QTSS3_Preview.pkg file.  This will launch the installer.\par         \par 3. Click on the "lock" to make changes when prompted during installation. You will need to authenticate with the administrator username and password.\par \par 4. Follow the onscreen instructions. After you have read and agreed to the license, you can proceed with the installation.\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs28 \par \par To configure and administer your server from either the server machine or a remote client machine, follow these steps. \par \par }\pard \fi-270\li270\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs28 1. From the server machine launch Microsoft Internet Explorer, version 4.5 or later.                   \par }\pard \li270\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs28 OR\par From a remote machine launch Netscape Navigator, Netscape Communicator, or Microsoft Internet Explorer, versions 4.5 or later.\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs28 \par }\pard \fi-270\li270\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs28 2. Enter the URL for your Streaming Server Admin:\par }\pard \li270\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs28 http://myserver.com:1220\par Replace "myserver.com" with the name of your Streaming Server computer.  1220 is the port number.\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs28 \par }\pard \fi-270\li270\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs28 3. Follow the onscreen instructions to log into the server as user "Administrator". The first time you log in, the "Administrator" password will be "default".\par \par 4. Choose the Settings tab to start configuring your server.\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs28 \par }{\b\fs28 The preview version of the server is configured with the "Administrator" password set to "default".  Immediately after installing, you should reset the "Administrator" password.  Note: The "Administrator" password can only be set from a web browser running on the local server machine using the following URL:\par \par     http://127.0.0.1:1220/\par }{\fs28 \par \par }{\b Documentation\par }{\fs28 \par For help on using the QTSS administration and setting up your server to stream hinted media, refer to the online Help by selecting the Question Mark button from the Streaming Server Admin. \par \par \par }{\b Troubleshooting\par }{\fs28\cf6 \par }{\fs28 \bullet  If you have used previous versions of QTSS, please note that some of the file locations have changed with the QTSS 3 Public Preview. You may find it helpful to know these locations for troubleshooting problems.\par \par }{\fs20 /usr/sbin/QuickTimeStreamingServer   - Streaming Server app\par /usr/local/bin/streamingadminserver.pl    - QTSS Web Admin server\par /usr/sbin/StreamingServerModules/    - Dir for QTSS plugins\par /etc/streaming/                      - Dir for QTSS config files\par /Library/QuickTimeStreaming/Movies/  - Dir for media files\par /Library/QuickTimeStreaming/Logs/    - Dir for logs}{\fs28 \par \par \bullet  If the Streaming Server Admin is not responding, you should verify that the streamingadminserver.pl script is running first.  If not, then start it up by opening the Terminal application (/Applications/Utilities) and become the root administrator by typing "su root" and then the administrator password.  Then start up the process by typing "streamingadminserver.pl" into the Terminal application.\par \par \par \par }{\u169\'a9 2000 Apple Computer, Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, Macintosh, PowerBook, Power Macintosh, and QuickTime are trademarks of Apple Computer, Inc., registered in the United States and other countries. iBook,  iMac, and Power Mac are trademarks of Apple Computer, Inc. All other product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.}{\fs18 \par }{\par \par }}